Even though everything is displayed correctly in the life server if Logan tried to run this with the
browser.
So first of all let me open up the browser window and of course it has to be massive right away.
And let's say that we're going to look for our file which in our case is going to be next session email
notice that we're not gonna see the image.
So we're getting this alter text.
Now the reason for that because filesystem is giving you a lot of hustle because of this warrants.
Now I know we haven't covered yet the comments in Asian email and we're gonna do that in few videos
but let me just first of all copy and paste this two more times.
And let me just show you what other options you have for getting the image.
Now first and foremost as you can see I actually made a mess a little bit because I didn't want more
of them here.
Let's start with a simple one.
Now alternatively we could just write like this without a forward slash.
And once we save it.
Notice in the life server everything is going to be displayed correctly as well as in the file system.
So if I'm going to refresh it check this out.
So now we have a nice image and also we have another option.
So let me copy and paste this line and let's comment now the previous one.
We have an option of having the dot and then the forwards.
And again this is going to do the same thing where I can say with everything is gonna be displayed correctly
on a life server as well it's going to work in a browser because as you can see once I refresh there
is no errors or in our case just there is no alternative text.
Now your question probably would be well if we can use this guy why are we using these forward slashes
and these dots.
And the reason for that is even though I don't like to throw a lot of things in the beginning eventually
the more web development you do and as you're going to start progressing with node or BHP or let's say
I don't know react you gonna see a lot of these relative path where you have dot and then you have forward
slash so that would mean that this is in the same directory or you're gonna see two dots which would
mean that this would be in the actual folder maybe outside the directory.
And the point of this is for you to get used to the syntax.
So later on once you see it you're not like deer in the headlights you know.
Okay so this means that this would be in the same directory and then two that are going to mean that
if it's outside the directory now we're gonna cover two dots later on as we're working with CSX because
a lot of times CSX is not going to be in the same folder as the indexation email.
So I'm not going to cover that right now.
Just please remember that if you would like to open up in the file system you can use one of these two
options and it's gonna be displayed correctly however throughout my project I will gonna use this dot
syntax because I think it's gonna make a lot of sense in the long run.
So you are very used to the syntax once you progressed to that stage.